---
layout: default
title: About
---

{% include avatar.html %}  

# About me
Hello there!  
My name is Berktuğ Kaan Özkan. I live in Turkey, and I am a computer science
student at [ITU](https://www.itu.edu.tr/en/homepage). I like playing billiard,
going gym, cycling and drawing. I code in C++, Java and Python also I am
interested in machine learning, blockchain and Linux.

Sheesh, what a cliche intro! At least it gives a general impression about me. If
you want to know me better, let me introduce myself more briefly:

I enjoy spending time with configuring my Linux setup, building a basic computer
and learning about compiler theory. Interestingly, I like to build my hobby
projects from scratch. Because I like
[DIY](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Do_it_yourself) concept. While doing this I
am trying to stick to the [KISS
principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KISS_principle#In_software_development).

From the career perspective, I am interested in machine learning *(probability
and statistics?)* and blockchain technologies. Thanks to advancements in
technology, machine learning has got many interesting fields and very positive
results. On the other hand, blockchain is a newer concept, and I think we are at
the beginning of it. I believe there will be many applications of this
technology. For example; I think *and I hope* people will become more sensitive
and protective about their privacy on the internet, in the future. As a result
they might choose to use decentralized social platforms, apps to accomplish
this.

Also, I share my drawings and photographs on my
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/ozkaberktug/)! You can check it, if you
like.


# About this blog
This is the place where I share about topics that I found important ***to
myself***, in the computer science field. Some posts might be too specific due
to this. Also I share tutorials or How-To's about programming. [Here]( {% link
categories.md %} ), you can take a look at the topics that I wrote so far.

Oh, if you are wandering; *Why I chose dark theme?* Let me put it this way: I am
**not** a web developer or *let's say* UI/UX designer in general. When I doing
designer stuff I try to make things look ok and if it looks ok, then my job is
done. But I know one thing for sure, if you are living in 21st century, dark
theme is a must! According to [CommonSense](https://www.commonsensemedia.org/)'s
[2016
survey](https://www.commonsensemedia.org/sites/default/files/uploads/research/census_researchreport.pdf)
average person spends 6 hours a day on looking at screens. Eye hurting, white
screens.. I hope you got the idea.

{: style="text-align: right" }  
*Berktuğ Kaan Özkan*  
*26/01/2021*